# PoC Tiny E-commerce!

This is the descripton of a Tiny E-commerce PoC. I started with the core generated by https://start.spring.io/

All the HTTP response are encapsulated into an ResponseHTTP class be able to give more information to the client side. 

## Dependencies
 - **jpa**
 - **web**
 - **H2 / MySQL**

## Database
There are two options prepared in **application.properties**. For fast develop and test is preferible let defaults values with H2 in mem, but you can choose the mysql option if you want.

Using JPA, we can delegate the tables creation in spring, so we can focus our attention in develop the system assuming that all the tables and relationship between tables are done.

## CRUD User and security
As we want that our application has the abililty to have restricted path to normal user, I develop the application taking in consideration that we can use spring security as security system, delegate there the authentication. 

The persistence of the users is through the userRepository.

## Catalog
All the users can fetch all the products stored in database, and only whos have the ROLE_ADMIN have the privileges of create/delete or even update.

## Shopping Cart
The user can create or update the shopping cart where they can add/delete products.

## Order 
When the user want to process the shopping cart, its necessary to fill the billing info and create the order. He can see the status of the order.

## Checkout
Only users with the role ROLE_ADMIN can process the order to ship them.
